Add migration guide (#488)
cloudant/python-cloudant: MIGRATION.md

# Migrating to the `cloudant-python-sdk` library 

> This document is to assist in migrating from the legacy `python-cloudant` to the newly supported `cloudant-python-sdk`.

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe a link to the new sdk would be useful here.

## Initializing the client connection
There are several ways to create a client connection in `cloudant-python-sdk`:

> 1. [Enviornment variables](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authenticate-with-environment-variables)

Reviewer: Since then the link changed:
```suggestion
1. [Enviornment variables](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authentication-with-environment-variables)
```

> 2. [External configuration file](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authenticate-with-external-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [External configuration file](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authentication-with-external-configuration)
```

> 3. [Programmatically](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authenticate-programmatically)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Programmatically](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#programmatic-authentication)
```

> [See the README](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#1-retrieve-information-from-an-existing-database) for code examples on using enviornment variables.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
[See the README](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#code-examples) for code examples on using enviornment variables.
```

## Other differences
1. The `cloudant-python-sdk` library does not support local dictionary caching of database and document objects.
1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.
1. Cloudant View, Search, and Query (aka `_find` endpoint) operations will contain raw JSON response content.  

## Request mapping

> Here's a short list of which new functions to use for common operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's a list about the top 5 most frequently used operations and its equivalent of the new functions:
```

|`db.get_view_result()`                 |[`postView`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#postview)|
|`db.get_query_result()`                |[`postFind`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#postfind)|
| `doc.exists()`                        |[`headDocument`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#headdocument)|
|`Document('db_name', 'docid').save()`  |[`putDocument`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#putdocument)|

[A more complete table](#reference-table) that links `cloudant-python-sdk` API operations with `python-cloudant` functions is provided at the end of this guide.

The beta SDKs are generated from a more complete API spec and provide a significant number of operations that did not exist in the legacy libraries. See [the IBM Cloud API Documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant) to review request parameter and body options, code examples, and additional details for every endpoint.

## Known Issues
There's an [outline of known issues](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk/blob/master/KNOWN_ISSUES.md) in the `cloudant-python-sdk` repository.

> ## Reference table

Reviewer 2: Some description would be good, that describes what is a reference table would mean here.
Also a note would be good that highlight the parameter list might be differ at most of the functions.

# Migrating to the `cloudant-python-sdk` library 
This document is to assist in migrating from the `python-cloudant` (module: `cloudant`) to the newly supported [`cloudant-python-sdk`](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk) (module: `ibmcloudant`).

## Initializing the client connection
There are several ways to create a client connection in `cloudant-python-sdk`:

> 1. [Enviornment variables](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authentication-with-environment-variables)

Reviewer 3: Nit
```suggestion
1. [Environment variables](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authentication-with-environment-variables)
```

Author: Nice catch!

2. [External configuration file](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#authentication-with-external-configuration)
3. [Programmatically](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#programmatic-authentication)

> [See the README](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#code-examples) for code examples on using enviornment variables.

Reviewer 3: Nit
```suggestion
[See the README](https://github.com/IBM/cloudant-python-sdk#code-examples) for code examples on using environment variables.
```

## Other differences
1. The `cloudant-python-sdk` library does not support local dictionary caching of database and document objects.

> 1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.

Author: Ok right and there's multiple context managers within the library e.g. one for creating a Cloudant session, another for handling documents, one for QueryResult, etc
What about something like:
```There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  All necessary setup and teardown will need to be added by the user when working with the libraries API operations.```

> 1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.

Reviewer 4: oh, I see! that connect to db part related to a session context manager rather than a doc one.
>All necessary setup and teardown

this sounds more onerous than it really is, because it's basically automatic - going to have a think!

> 1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.

Author: It depends on how you connect to the client.  You can use the `connect` parameter during client instantiation or create the client and then do `client.connect()`.  You'll also want to disconnect and end the auth session with `client.disconnect()`.

> 1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.

Reviewer 4: I was meaning the client setup and teardown is basically automatic in cloudant-python-sdk, whereas saying the user needs to add setup and teardown gives the impression that it isn't. How about something like:
```markdown
There are no context managers in `cloudant-python-sdk`. To reproduce
the behaviour of the `python-cloudant` context managers in `cloudant-python-sdk`
users need to explicitly call the specific operations against the remote HTTP
API. For example, in the case of the document context manager, this would mean
doing both a `get_document` to fetch and a `put_document` to save.
```

> 1. There's no context manager feature in `cloudant-python-sdk`.  You'll need to create the client, connect to the database, fetch and save a document as separate commands.

Author: Right, this sounds good to me!

> 1. Cloudant View, Search, and Query (aka `_find` endpoint) operations will contain raw JSON response content.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. In `cloudant-python-sdk` View, Search, and Query (aka `_find` endpoint) operation responses contain raw JSON content like using `raw_result=True` in `python-cloudant`.
```

## Request mapping
Here's a list of the top 5 most frequently used `python-cloudant` operations and the `cloudant-python-sdk` equivalent API operation documentation link:

| `python-cloudant` operation           | `cloudant-python-sdk` API operation documentation link |
|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
|`Document('db_name', 'docid').fetch()` |[`getDocument`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#getdocument)|
|`db.get_view_result()`                 |[`postView`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#postview)|
|`db.get_query_result()`                |[`postFind`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#postfind)|
| `doc.exists()`                        |[`headDocument`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#headdocument)|
|`Document('db_name', 'docid').save()`  |[`putDocument`](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#putdocument)|

[A table](#reference-table) with the whole list of operations is provided at the end of this guide.

> The beta SDKs are generated from a more complete API spec and provide a significant number of operations that did not exist in the legacy libraries. See [the IBM Cloud API Documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant) to review request parameter and body options, code examples, and additional details for every endpoint.

Reviewer 3: Nit: what do you think of
```suggestion
The beta SDKs are generated from a more complete API spec and provide a significant number of operations that do not exist in `python-cloudant`. See [the IBM Cloud API Documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant) to review request parameter and body options, code examples, and additional details for every endpoint.
```
?

Reviewer 4: yeah I meant to mention this, we should say "beta SDKs" either, because it will date when we move out of beta and talks about other SDKs that aren't strictly relevant here. 

The `cloudant-python-sdk` is generated...

Author: Ok, will make the changes.
